Hi! we are group myimmio, and we've created a complete web application from scratch for this challenge. 
If you want to start exploring while I am talking, you can do so now by visiting myimm.io

We were not quite happy with implementing a chatbot, because usually they go two kind of ways:
Either you build it to help you gather information.

But let me make an example, lets take a look at this page. 
Those are buildings from the database we've received, so its a long list, you'll get lost eventually.
So because you want to rent a garage, you want to filter the list by garage. Klick, easy as that.
Why would you engage in a meaningless conversation to ask a chatbot to do that? 

Or you build it to be your social companion

But this does not work either, 
because no one can really define how "social" is supposed to work, 
especially not computer science people
Additionally of course, writing is tedius, and slow, and often not the best way to communicate.

So to build a chatbot seems like a waste of time, 
and we wanted to really follow the motivation you've given: 
To provide better customer service, and automate customer enquiries.

because if you've ever looked for an apartment, 
you will most likely make the same experience as we did:

finding an apartment is easy, there are a lot of good webpages for that
being able to move in is hard.

Because most administrations won't want you; 
they don't like students, 
they don't like you being poor, 
they don't like you being tall, or whatever
but whats really frustration is they know it the second you walk in, 
the first time they glance over your application
But till they really glance over your application a lot of time has been wasted:

you had to visit the place,
fill out their application sheet by hand,
attach personal papers, 
wait weeks for their feedback

In short, it sucks.

hopefully in the near future here is how it works:
the administration will visit a webpage, OUR webpage, and creates an invitation link
you'll find that link in one of the search engines, and apply
they'll see if you are a potential fit, and will invite you only if you are.

as easy as that, we've saved both parties a lot of time

the administration save time
because the preliminary filtering ensures less crowded calenders
less emails and more time for the soon-to-be customers rather than the never-will-be.

the tenants save time
because they only need to type in their personal data once, 
they can see the status of their application online and 
they only visit an apartments they will probably see more than once from the inside

thanks for your attention